Today is my first night on Minbar. My... Our new home.
Londo's visit got me thinking about the day my child comes of age. On Earth, that's 21. 
If Lorien's prediction holds, I only have 19 years left. I won't be there to see you come into your own, whoever you are, whoever you will be. Not that either of those things matter. Because sight unseen... I know that I will love you because you are my child and the child of the woman that I love more than life itself. I will give you that love as best I can for as long as I'm here.
But a day like this, your 21 st birthday, requires something more. So, I give you what little wisdom I have.
Delenn is the greatest ally you will ever have. Her depths of courage and compassion
are unmatched in my experience. Look to her for wisdom and fire in equal measure. 
And if you ever have any doubt, talk to her. She will never judge you. She will only love you.
From time to time, you will make mistakes. They're inevitable. Sometimes those mistakes will be huge. What matters is that you learn from them. There's nothing wrong with falling down  so long as you end up just 2 inches taller when you pick yourself up off the floor.
At times you may end up far away from home. You may not be sure of where you belong anymore. But home is always there. Because home is not a place. It's wherever your passion takes you.
As you continue on your path you will lose some friends and gain new ones. The process is painful but often necessary. They will change and you will change because life is change. From time to time, they must find their own way and that way may not be yours. Enjoy them for what they are and remember them for what they were.
There's not much left. Except, I believe, I really do believe that sooner or later, no matter what happens, things do work out. We have hard times. We suffer. We lose loved ones. The road is never easy. It was never meant to be easy. But in the long run, if you stay true to what you believe, things do work out.
Always be willing to fight for what you believe in. It doesn't matter if 1000 people agree with you or one person agrees with you. It doesn't matter if you stand completely alone. Fight for what you believe. 
Which brings me to the first piece of advice my dad ever gave me, and now I'm giving it to you:
Never start a fight but always finish it.
